.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH fnm-alias 1  "alias " 
.SH NAME
fnm\-alias \- Alias a version to a common name
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBalias\fR [\fB\-\-node\-dist\-mirror\fR] [\fB\-\-fnm\-dir\fR] [\fB\-\-log\-level\fR] [\fB\-\-arch\fR] [\fB\-\-version\-file\-strategy\fR] [\fB\-\-corepack\-enabled\fR] [\fB\-\-resolve\-engines\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] <\fITO_VERSION\fR> <\fINAME\fR> 
.SH DESCRIPTION
Alias a version to a common name
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-node\-dist\-mirror\fR \fI<NODE_DIST_MIRROR>\fR [default: https://nodejs.org/dist]
<https://nodejs.org/dist/> mirror
.RS
May also be specified with the \fBFNM_NODE_DIST_MIRROR\fR environment variable. 
.RE
.TP
\fB\-\-fnm\-dir\fR \fI<BASE_DIR>\fR
The root directory of fnm installations
.RS
May also be specified with the \fBFNM_DIR\fR environment variable. 
.RE
.TP
\fB\-\-log\-level\fR \fI<LOG_LEVEL>\fR [default: info]
The log level of fnm commands
.br

.br
[\fIpossible values: \fRquiet, error, info]
.RS
May also be specified with the \fBFNM_LOGLEVEL\fR environment variable. 
.RE
.TP
\fB\-\-arch\fR \fI<ARCH>\fR
Override the architecture of the installed Node binary. Defaults to arch of fnm binary
.RS
May also be specified with the \fBFNM_ARCH\fR environment variable. 
.RE
.TP
\fB\-\-version\-file\-strategy\fR \fI<VERSION_FILE_STRATEGY>\fR [default: local]
A strategy for how to resolve the Node version. Used whenever `fnm use` or `fnm install` is called without a version, or when `\-\-use\-on\-cd` is configured on evaluation
.br

.br
\fIPossible values:\fR
.RS 14
.IP \(bu 2
local: Use the local version of Node defined within the current directory
.IP \(bu 2
recursive: Use the version of Node defined within the current directory and all parent directories
.RE
.RS
May also be specified with the \fBFNM_VERSION_FILE_STRATEGY\fR environment variable. 
.RE
.TP
\fB\-\-corepack\-enabled\fR
Enable corepack support for each new installation. This will make fnm call `corepack enable` on every Node.js installation. For more information about corepack see <https://nodejs.org/api/corepack.html>
.RS
May also be specified with the \fBFNM_COREPACK_ENABLED\fR environment variable. 
.RE
.TP
\fB\-\-resolve\-engines\fR [\fI<RESOLVE_ENGINES>\fR]
Resolve `engines.node` field in `package.json` whenever a `.node\-version` or `.nvmrc` file is not present.
This feature is enabled by default. To disable it, provide `\-\-resolve\-engines=false`.

Note: `engines.node` can be any semver range, with the latest satisfying version being resolved.
Note 2: If you disable it, please open an issue on GitHub describing _why_ you disabled it.
        In the future, disabling it might be a no\-op, so it\*(Aqs worth knowing any reason to
        do that.
.br

.br
[\fIpossible values: \fRtrue, false]
.RS
May also be specified with the \fBFNM_RESOLVE_ENGINES\fR environment variable. 
.RE
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help (see a summary with \*(Aq\-h\*(Aq)
.TP
<\fITO_VERSION\fR>

.TP
<\fINAME\fR>
